README.md, before:

# Opentrak: Simple pixel-based tracking for Rails

This is a simple system for tracking open rates of emails using a tracking pixel. 

## Compatibility

This release has been tested in Rails 3.0.7 on Heroku. It should work on non-Heroku hosts with minimal modification. Heroku has a unique way of accessing user IPs so you'll likely need to just make a slight in trackers#track to properly retrieve the user IP.

## Usage

Trackers are created on the fly when referenced for the first time. For example, http://opentrak/track/new_tracker.gif will create a new tracker called new_tracker. After it's created, you can edit the tracker by going to http://opentrak/ and selecting edit.

## Authentication

Opentrak uses Devise for authentication. In order to approve access for a user, you'll need to use the Rails console to update the user's admin attribute to true.

## Contact & Help

If you have questions, feel free to email scott AT causes.com. If you find a bug you can [open an issue](https://github.com/causes/opentrak/issues).

Commit message:

added some more detail to readme

README.md, after:

# Opentrak: Simple pixel-based tracking for Rails

This is a simple system for tracking open rates of emails using a tracking pixel. We created it in about an hour since there weren't any free alternatives available. We hope it's helpful.

Opentrak captures IP address to avoid duplicate entries, but also captures the total number of views to measure the discrepancy.

## Compatibility

This release has been tested in Rails 3.0.7 on Heroku. It should work on non-Heroku hosts with minimal modification. Heroku has a unique way of accessing user IPs so you'll likely need to just make a slight in trackers#track to properly retrieve the user IP.

## Usage

Trackers are created on the fly when referenced for the first time. For example, http://opentrak/track/new_tracker.gif will create a new tracker called new_tracker. After it's created, you can edit the tracker by going to http://opentrak/ and selecting edit.

Open rates are calculated from the manually-entered "Total sent" value. 
 
## Authentication

Opentrak uses Devise for authentication. In order to approve access for a user, you'll need to use the Rails console to update the user's admin attribute to true.

## Wishlist

Want to work on Opentrak? Here are some things we'd like to see (but feel free to develop anything else that doesn't break core functionality)

* Tagging and stats per tag
* User client tracking
* API to programmatically submit #s of email sent

## Contact & Help

If you have questions, feel free to email scott AT causes.com. If you find a bug you can [open an issue](https://github.com/causes/opentrak/issues).
